hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
for another video and today I'm showing
you guys my quarantine nighttime routine
which starts around 5 p.m. at my desk
and at that time I usually work on my
revision notes that I made for out today
and good notes and I just work on you
know finishing them up doing anything
that I didn't get to during the live
study with me session which that's on 2
4 p.m. so I usually spend like an hour
and hour and a half finishing up things
and yeah this is what the notes then
look like for me it's basically just
about turning my lecture notes my
supervision notes and my reading notes
into something somewhat aesthetically
pleasing so that I'm more motivated to
then engage with it and here you can see
my jurisprudence nodes as I'm currently
revising that subject and specifically
to philosophers walk in so I just try to
put everything that I have on him into
these notes so that it's an easier to
look at them later and since I will have
open book exams I think these will be
pretty useful for me at least I hope so
and then I tidy up my desk so I just put
everything back where it belongs so that
when I'm going back to studying the next
day I can easily find it and so that my
desk is tidy again so that I can do
other things there because I really hate
having an untidy desk and then it was
time for me to change so in quarantine
I do dress like I normally would so that
I feel more like doing work but when I'm
done with work I just get into my sweat
pens and then I usually set myself a
20-minute timer and I used that time to
go and answer as many Instagram fans as
I can and I always do this on my bed so
that it's a kind of a separate space so
that my desk doesn't start to feel like
something where I go on my socials but
Roberts just for work so yeah that's why
I kind of tried to separate these two
spaces as much as I can and then it was
time for me to go to dinner so I went
upstairs and my mum has asked me to show
you guys that it was not just pizza on
the table the other pizza was pretty
good but yeah here's the salad hi mom I
hope you can see this see I showed them
their salad and this is my mom and then
I went back downstairs into my room and
then it was time for me to do some other
things but I don't usually do work after
6 p.m. because I'm a morning person and
not an evening person so then I go to my
fangs free to-do list this is a great
app you can organize all of your
there according to you know topics etc
and then you can put headers into your
list so here you can see my huge
shipments log to-do list ideas list
things like that I think this is a
really really useful app I would highly
recommend it this is not sponsored in
any way I just really liked them and
then I also go over my revision notes so
these are not notes in the sense of
study notes but rather notes in the
sense of to do notes you can see it's
quite comprehensive it's like a lot of
things that you need to do but it's
quite details things like you know
printout that and then take notes on it
etc etc but I think it's just great
because you tick off whatever you've
done you'll feel a bit accomplished
which is great so yeah and it has a nice
feature it shows you how much of your
list you've got and done and I think
that's adorable because it just makes
you feel like you know you're making
progress which sometimes and students
you just need that and yep then I go
over my emails because I usually get
quite a few emails throughout the day
and I try not to waste too much time on
them but obviously you always have to go
for your emails oh yeah and then it is
time for me to do whatever I found on my
things reach do list which here was
writing a blog post and you can see I
had written an amazing two words for
that post so far so yeah we hadn't
gotten very far that yet so hi there
oh I thought this would be a good time
just you know pop in here and explain it
a bit about my evening routine because
this is the part which changes everyday
so I don't you know write a blog post
every day I wish I do not have the time
to do that
unfortunately so what I do is I just
look at my things free lists and I just
look at what needs to be done and then
that's what I do but I also look at you
know what do I want to do because this
is the evening so I am a lot less
productive and somebody who doesn't
really do work after 6:00 p.m. usually
like that's like the time where I'm just
like okay bye um I do not need to see
this essay until tomorrow morning um so
yeah I'm just somebody who works a lot
better in the morning
I know that about myself and so I just
do everything in the morning whenever I
can um so this is why this is a pretty
chill activity and I just do things that
I do for my hobby like writing my blog
and try to give up books that you can
read a quarantine oh yeah if you guys
are interested in what this post turns
out to be I will link it in the info box
below but yeah now it's time to write it
and here's me writing that blog post so
I usually take my time writing those
posts so I just write it whenever any
free time like I did that evening and
yeah I just write about whatever I want
on my blog so yeah if you guys are
interested in how that article turned
out and linked it for you guys in the
info box below and then I went back
upstairs to make myself some tea and yes
just say Merry Christmas on my cup and
yes I am aware that is April but
whatever so yeah I just like drinking
tea for me it's something that kind of
has like a calming effect I don't know
what beverage kind of do have that
effect for me and then I have to do that
balancing exercise of carrying it back
downstairs into my room because I always
put a little bit too much tea into it
and then a little bit too much milk and
it just gets a little too full but we
made it and then it was time for me to
read a little bit in my book that I'm
currently reading which is stepsister by
Jennifer Denali so guys it is half past
eight now so it's time for me to get
ready to go to bed but I did read a
little bit more in this book and I
rarely win on kit if you guys are
interested in it I'm gonna make it any
of the books below it's basically just
you know the story of Cinderella's evil
stepsister and how she gets on in life
after you know Cinderella gets the
prince um and I really like these modern
retellings of fairy tales because they
talk about characters that you know from
your childhood but you could never
empathize with them because you don't
get any backstory to them so they're
just mean and nasty and evil and yeah
they just you know make the ultimate
villain because you don't understand
anything about them so that's why I
really like books like that I'm a never
book that I'd highly recommend is that
it's a bit like this is called heartless
and it's about the Evil Queen of Alice
in Wonderland and it's amazing so yeah
case you needed some quarantine book
recommendations here they are I'm gonna
link them in the info box below both
them if you guys Center sit in them and
now let's get ready to go to bed so
let's take off my makeup and put my hair
in a braid so it we can sleep and here's
me before taking off my makeup so this
is what it looked like wearing makeup
and yeah and it was time to take it off
so at first I used his face cleanser
which I just used to basically take off
most of my makeup and then I use a
specific eye makeup remover this one's
really really great by the way it is
quite soft on your eyes but so removes
everything and then use some face water
just to go over everything afterwards
and then some serum in the hopes of
making my skin look decent
and yeah here's me without makeup and
I've gotten some pretty rude comments in
my last video where I showed myself
about makeup I just want to tell you if
you have any struggles with skin that's
fine you're so beautiful and here's me
refreshed out here because that's what
it looks like when you brush out your
curls I know pretty terrible that's why
I would never wear it is um you know as
a daily style but I do need to brush
them in the evening because ever why's
you have a lot of knots and then I just
put them into a braid which helps then
form these curls which I usually have on
a daily so yeah I just sleep with these
braids because they helped me when I wet
hair I put it into two braids and then I
closed my lamp because it just gives you
kind of a nicer light in the room and it
makes you sleepy oh when there is less
light in the room and then I put on my
noise cancelling headphones because I do
sleep with these because I live in sleep
stories on calm because I struggle to
fall asleep so this really helps me so I
just always go to their sleep story
selection and they have a ton of sleep
stories so there's just a lot you can
choose from and I have a favorite which
I listen to quite a lot which is them
reading to gdpr to you which is this
data privacy legislation from the EU
it's kind of boring but also kind of
interesting but also it just makes you
really sleepy so yeah what a law student
thing to do and I would like to
recommend to you guys another app which
is called simple habit and I want to be
completely real about the fact that I
use them a lot I've honestly just tried
them out because they have offered me a
code for you guys for a free premium
subscription and I know a lot of people
now being at home etc are extra stress
so falling asleep can be an issue and I
don't have any affiliate links with calm
or anything but simple habit just come
in quite similar and it's not an
affiliate link this is not sponsored
it's just a gift for you guys so I
thought I'd share it with you I did look
into them they have sleep stories but
they also have things that are more
focused on the quality of your sleep and
then they also have background noises
etc but I think the extra that they're
adding is definitely just you know
focusing on the quality of your sleep
giving you a quality sleep time but they
can also just help you fall asleep so if
you guys are interested you can get it
for free I'm gonna link it down below
but as I said this is just you know a
gift for you guys so yeah and then it's
time for me to go to bed so yeah thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this and this was my nighttime
routine ending around nine oh nine fifty
in the evening yes
I'm twenty years old and I go to bed at
9:30 I know my life is really
interesting